So your first task is finished and
images are now organized and are in buffer. That's great.
Then the second task we will focus on key points detection in
the next step and the student version of the code we
have the Shi-Tomasi detector implemented already.
You have learned in the lesson previously that this method dates back to
1994 and it can be quite slow because it is based on gradient image computation.
Now in this part of the mid-term project,
I would like you to implement the selection of alternatives to
the Shi-Tomasi methods which are Harris which is also slow but also FAST,
BRISK or AKAZE, FREAK and finally, the SIFT methods.
All of those are available in
the open CV and you should adjust the project code in a way that
each one can be selected by setting
the string detector type in the code to the respective name.
Please note that all detectors should be added to the file matching2D_student.cpp.
Let's take a look at the current implementation of the code.
So here we are in the main file again and it's MidTermProject_Camera_Student.cpp.
We have all the includes.
We have the main program.
We have the variable initialization.
Then we have the main loop which runs over all the images.
Images are loaded into a buffer and then comes
the first student assignments which you by now have already completed.
You have implemented the ring buffer and now comes
the second part which is about detecting image key points.
There we have the second student assignment which is your job now.
We currently have the Shi-Tomasi detector which is detecting
Shi-Tomasi key points and returning them into a data structure called
key points and your job is it to enhance the selection
of key point methods we have here by adding Harris,
FAST, BRISK or AKAZE,
FREAK and SIFT to be selectable here.
You should be able to adjust
the detector type accordingly and let's say I put FAST there.
If L's branching here,
the method of the algorithm should then be able to call on
the FAST detector to load the key points into the same data structure here.
Please put the key point methods into matching2D_Student.cpp.
If you look into the header file matching2D.hpp,
you can already see that key points Shi-Tomasi method here
that's already something prepared for the Harris key points.
If you recall it in the previous exercise,
you already have written a method for finding Harris key points.
So this could simply be added into this method here which you could implement.
Then we have this one here, detKeypointsModern,
which basically is the placeholder for everything
you are supposed to do in this exercise.
You should input a detector type and based on the content of this string,
you should then output the respective key points and return them to
the main information flow in MidTermProject_Camera_Student.cpp.
So this is your second assignment.